Ingredients:


For the Meat Pie Dough:
8 1/3 cups all purpose flour
2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
2 1/4 cups of Margarine (Never use butter)
1/2 cup COLD water

For the Meat Pie Filling:
2 medium potatoes
2 medium carrots
1 lb minced meat
1 medium onion
2 tbsp vegetable oil
2 Knorr cubes
1 tsp thyme
2 tbsp all purpose flour
1 cup water
1/4 tsp salt 

For rubbing:
1 medium egg


Directions:

The Meat Pie Filling:
Peel the potatoes and the carrots, wash and cut into tiny cubes.
Wash and dice the onions.
On medium heat, heat the vegetable oil in a pot, add the diced onions and stir for 2 mins, 
add the minced meat and stir vigorously till the minced meat turns pale, about 2-3 mins.
Add 1 cup of water, Knorr cubes and thyme. 
Cover the pot and once the contents of the pot starts boiling, add the diced carrots and potatoes,
and cook till everything is well done.
Dissolve 2 tbsp of flour in half cup of water and add to the meat pie filling. 
This tip is so that the meat pie filling does not dry up during baking. 
It is also what keeps the meat pie filling moist.
Add salt, stir the contents and turn off the heat. 
Set the meat pie filling aside. Now is the time to prepare the dough for the meat pie.

The Meat Pie Dough:
Put the 1 kg of flour in a sizeable bowl; add 2 teaspoons of baking powder and the salt. 
Mix the dry ingredients very well.
Use a tablespoon to scoop the margarine in small bits into the dry mix. 
The smaller you make the bits of margarine, the easier it will be for you to rub them into the flour.
Use finger tips to rub the margarine into the flour till the mix becomes like crumbs.
Now, start adding cold water in bits while at the same time folding the mix till a stiff ball of dough is formed. 
Only a small quantity of water (at most 1/2 cup) is needed to get the dough stiff.
Knead the dough very well, put back in the bowl and leave to rest for 5 to 7 mins. This makes the dough more elastic.

Cut, Fill, Fold and Close:
Preheat oven to 335°F.
Oil the tray to be used for baking.
Beat the egg which will be used for garnishing.
Knead the dough some more, roll it out to achieve a 5mm thickness.
Use a cutter (e.g the cover of a small pot or a meat pie cutter) to make round cuts on the rolled out dough.
Remove the excess dough, leaving behind the round cuts.
Rub the egg on the inside edge of the cut meatpie dough
Scoop some meat pie filling into the center of the round cuts (not too much, so you can close the pie).
Fold one part of the dough to meet the other end and use a fork to press the 2 edges together to close tightly. 
Place in the oven tray, and repeat the process until all the dough is exhausted.
Rub the egg on the meat pies for a golden brown look when done.
Bake in the oven for about 35 mins.

Enjoy!!! and don't forget to share

Adapted from the recipe located at "http://www.allnigerianrecipes.com/snacks/nigerian-meat-pie.html"